C:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Escritorio\ProyectoVerEscritorio\CapaNegocios\bin\Debug\net6.0\CapaNegocios.deps.json
C:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Escritorio\ProyectoVerEscritorio\CapaNegocios\bin\Debug\net6.0\CapaNegocios.dll
C:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Escritorio\ProyectoVerEscritorio\CapaNegocios\bin\Debug\net6.0\CapaNegocios.pdb
C:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Escritorio\ProyectoVerEscritorio\CapaNegocios\bin\Debug\net6.0\CapaDatos.dll
C:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Escritorio\ProyectoVerEscritorio\CapaNegocios\bin\Debug\net6.0\CapaEntidades.dll
C:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Escritorio\ProyectoVerEscritorio\CapaNegocios\bin\Debug\net6.0\CapaDatos.pdb
C:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Escritorio\ProyectoVerEscritorio\CapaNegocios\bin\Debug\net6.0\CapaEntidades.pdb
C:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Escritorio\ProyectoVerEscritorio\CapaNegocios\obj\Debug\net6.0\CapaNegocios.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Escritorio\ProyectoVerEscritorio\CapaNegocios\obj\Debug\net6.0\CapaNegocios.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Escritorio\ProyectoVerEscritorio\CapaNegocios\obj\Debug\net6.0\CapaNegocios.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Escritorio\ProyectoVerEscritorio\CapaNegocios\obj\Debug\net6.0\CapaNegocios.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Escritorio\ProyectoVerEscritorio\CapaNegocios\obj\Debug\net6.0\CapaNegocios.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Escritorio\ProyectoVerEscritorio\CapaNegocios\obj\Debug\net6.0\CapaNegocios.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Escritorio\ProyectoVerEscritorio\CapaNegocios\obj\Debug\net6.0\CapaNegocios.dll
C:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Escritorio\ProyectoVerEscritorio\CapaNegocios\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\CapaNegocios.dll
C:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Escritorio\ProyectoVerEscritorio\CapaNegocios\obj\Debug\net6.0\CapaNegocios.pdb
C:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Escritorio\ProyectoVerEscritorio\CapaNegocios\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\CapaNegocios.dll
c:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Proyecto\Escritorio\CapaNegocios\obj\Debug\net6.0\CapaNegocios.dll
c:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Proyecto\Escritorio\CapaNegocios\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\CapaNegocios.dll
c:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Proyecto\Escritorio\CapaNegocios\obj\Debug\net6.0\CapaNegocios.pdb
c:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Proyecto\Escritorio\CapaNegocios\bin\Debug\net6.0\CapaNegocios.deps.json
c:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Proyecto\Escritorio\CapaNegocios\bin\Debug\net6.0\CapaNegocios.dll
c:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Proyecto\Escritorio\CapaNegocios\bin\Debug\net6.0\CapaNegocios.pdb
c:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Proyecto\Escritorio\CapaNegocios\bin\Debug\net6.0\CapaDatos.dll
c:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Proyecto\Escritorio\CapaNegocios\bin\Debug\net6.0\CapaEntidades.dll
c:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Proyecto\Escritorio\CapaNegocios\bin\Debug\net6.0\CapaDatos.pdb
c:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Proyecto\Escritorio\CapaNegocios\bin\Debug\net6.0\CapaEntidades.pdb
c:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Proyecto\Escritorio\CapaNegocios\obj\Debug\net6.0\CapaNegocios.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Proyecto\Escritorio\CapaNegocios\obj\Debug\net6.0\CapaNegocios.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Proyecto\Escritorio\CapaNegocios\obj\Debug\net6.0\CapaNegocios.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Proyecto\Escritorio\CapaNegocios\obj\Debug\net6.0\CapaNegocios.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Proyecto\Escritorio\CapaNegocios\obj\Debug\net6.0\CapaNegocios.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Proyecto\Escritorio\CapaNegocios\obj\Debug\net6.0\CapaNegocios.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Proyecto\Escritorio\CapaNegocios\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\CapaNegocios.dll
