C:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Escritorio\ProyectoVerEscritorio\CapaDatos\bin\Debug\net6.0\CapaDatos.deps.json
C:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Escritorio\ProyectoVerEscritorio\CapaDatos\bin\Debug\net6.0\CapaDatos.dll
C:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Escritorio\ProyectoVerEscritorio\CapaDatos\bin\Debug\net6.0\CapaDatos.pdb
C:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Escritorio\ProyectoVerEscritorio\CapaDatos\bin\Debug\net6.0\CapaEntidades.dll
C:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Escritorio\ProyectoVerEscritorio\CapaDatos\bin\Debug\net6.0\CapaEntidades.pdb
C:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Escritorio\ProyectoVerEscritorio\CapaDatos\obj\Debug\net6.0\CapaDatos.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Escritorio\ProyectoVerEscritorio\CapaDatos\obj\Debug\net6.0\CapaDatos.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Escritorio\ProyectoVerEscritorio\CapaDatos\obj\Debug\net6.0\CapaDatos.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Escritorio\ProyectoVerEscritorio\CapaDatos\obj\Debug\net6.0\CapaDatos.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Escritorio\ProyectoVerEscritorio\CapaDatos\obj\Debug\net6.0\CapaDatos.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Escritorio\ProyectoVerEscritorio\CapaDatos\obj\Debug\net6.0\CapaDatos.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Escritorio\ProyectoVerEscritorio\CapaDatos\obj\Debug\net6.0\CapaDatos.dll
C:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Escritorio\ProyectoVerEscritorio\CapaDatos\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\CapaDatos.dll
C:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Escritorio\ProyectoVerEscritorio\CapaDatos\obj\Debug\net6.0\CapaDatos.pdb
C:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Escritorio\ProyectoVerEscritorio\CapaDatos\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\CapaDatos.dll
c:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Proyecto\Escritorio\CapaDatos\obj\Debug\net6.0\CapaDatos.dll
c:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Proyecto\Escritorio\CapaDatos\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\CapaDatos.dll
c:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Proyecto\Escritorio\CapaDatos\obj\Debug\net6.0\CapaDatos.pdb
c:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Proyecto\Escritorio\CapaDatos\bin\Debug\net6.0\CapaDatos.deps.json
c:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Proyecto\Escritorio\CapaDatos\bin\Debug\net6.0\CapaDatos.dll
c:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Proyecto\Escritorio\CapaDatos\bin\Debug\net6.0\CapaDatos.pdb
c:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Proyecto\Escritorio\CapaDatos\bin\Debug\net6.0\CapaEntidades.dll
c:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Proyecto\Escritorio\CapaDatos\bin\Debug\net6.0\CapaEntidades.pdb
c:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Proyecto\Escritorio\CapaDatos\obj\Debug\net6.0\CapaDatos.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Proyecto\Escritorio\CapaDatos\obj\Debug\net6.0\CapaDatos.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Proyecto\Escritorio\CapaDatos\obj\Debug\net6.0\CapaDatos.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Proyecto\Escritorio\CapaDatos\obj\Debug\net6.0\CapaDatos.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Proyecto\Escritorio\CapaDatos\obj\Debug\net6.0\CapaDatos.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Proyecto\Escritorio\CapaDatos\obj\Debug\net6.0\CapaDatos.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\villa\OneDrive\Documentos\Proyecto PagWeb ¡¡ARREGLAR!!\Proyecto\Escritorio\CapaDatos\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\CapaDatos.dll
